README.md, before:

# BugSplat MCP Server Prototype

This is a prototype implementation of a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server for BugSplat integration.

## Getting Started 👨‍🏫

1. Add a local MCP server to [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/download) via `Settings > Developer > Edit Config`. Add the path to `npx` under `command` and `-y`, `bugsplat-mcp@latest` under `args`. Finally add env values for `BUGSPLAT_DATABASE`, `BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_ID`, and `BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_SECRET`.
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    ...
    "bugsplat-mcp": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["-y", "bugsplat-mcp@latest"],
      "env": {
        "BUGSPLAT_DATABASE": "fred",
        "BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_ID": "***",
        "BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_SECRET": "***"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

2. Open Claude and ask about BugSplat.

## Available Tools 🧰

The server provides the following tools for interacting with BugSplat:

### list-issues
List BugSplat issues with optional filtering. The issues tool lists all crashes in the BugSplat database and is useful for determining the most recent crashes.
- `application`: Application name to filter by
- `version`: Version to filter by
- `stackGroup`: Stack group to filter by
- `startDate`: Start date for filtering (ISO format)
- `endDate`: End date for filtering (ISO format)
- `pageSize`: Number of results per page (1-100, defaults to 10)

### get-issue
Get details of a specific BugSplat issue. The issue tool lists the details of a specific crash and is useful for determining the cause of and fixing a specific crash.
- `id`: Issue ID to retrieve

### get-summary
Get summary of BugSplat issues with optional filtering. The summary tool lists information about groups of crashes and is useful for determining what issues are most prevalent.
- `applications`: Array of application names to filter by
- `versions`: Array of versions to filter by
- `startDate`: Start date for filtering (ISO format)
- `endDate`: End date for filtering (ISO format)
- `pageSize`: Number of results per page (1-20, defaults to 10)

### list-attachments
Get list of attachments for a specific BugSplat issue. The attachments tool lists the attachments (log files, screenshots, etc.) for a specific crash and is useful for determining the cause of and fixing a specific crash.
- `id`: Issue ID to retrieve

### get-attachment
Get a specific attachment for a BugSplat issue. Returns the file content as a base64 blob.
- `crashId`: The ID of the crash report
- `file`: The name of the attachment file to retrieve

### create-defect
Create a new defect in a connected defect tracking system.
- `stackKeyId`: The Stack Key ID you'd like to log as a defect
- `notes`: Notes about the defect you'd like to log

### add-defect-link
Add a link between a BugSplat issue and an existing defect in a connected defect tracking system.
- `stackKeyId`: The Stack Key ID you'd like to log as a defect
- `notes`: Notes about the defect you'd like to log
- `linkDefectId`: The ID of the defect you'd like to link to

### remove-defect-link
Remove the link between a BugSplat issue and a connected defect tracking system. The defect in the defect tracking system will not be deleted, but the link will be removed.
- `stackKeyId`: The Stack Key ID you'd like to remove the defect from

Each tool will automatically use the credentials provided in your `.env` file or the environment variables configured for the MCP server. 

## Developing 👨‍💻

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Create a `.env` file with your BugSplat credentials:
```
BUGSPLAT_DATABASE=your_database
BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret
```

3. Start the server:
```bash
npm run debug
```

4. Open your browser to [http://127.0.0.1:6274](http://127.0.0.1:6274) to access the MCP Inspector interface.

## Testing 🧪

The project uses Jasmine for testing. Due to ESM compatibility issues with ts-node, tests are run from built JavaScript files rather than directly from TypeScript.

### Running Tests

```bash
npm test
```

This will:
1. Build the TypeScript files into JavaScript
2. Run the Jasmine test suite

### Debugging Tests

You can debug tests using VS Code in two ways:

1. Using the Test Explorer:
   - Open the Testing sidebar in VS Code
   - Click the debug icon next to any test to start debugging
   - Note: You must rebuild (`npm run build:test`) if you make changes to test files

2. Using Launch Configurations:
   - Open the Run and Debug sidebar in VS Code
   - Select "Debug Tests" from the dropdown
   - Press F5 to start debugging
   - The configuration will automatically build before running

### Important Notes

- If you modify any test or source files, you need to rebuild before running tests again
- The build step is necessary because ts-node doesn't play well with ESM imports
- Tests have a 30-second timeout to accommodate API calls
- Environment variables from your `.env` file are automatically loaded

Commit message:

feat: add get-key-crashes (#7)

README.md, after:

# BugSplat MCP Server Prototype

This is a prototype implementation of a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server for BugSplat integration.

## Getting Started 👨‍🏫

1. Add a local MCP server to [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/download) via `Settings > Developer > Edit Config`. Add the path to `npx` under `command` and `-y`, `bugsplat-mcp@latest` under `args`. Finally add env values for `BUGSPLAT_DATABASE`, `BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_ID`, and `BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_SECRET`.
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    ...
    "bugsplat-mcp": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["-y", "bugsplat-mcp@latest"],
      "env": {
        "BUGSPLAT_DATABASE": "fred",
        "BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_ID": "***",
        "BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_SECRET": "***"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

2. Open Claude and ask about BugSplat.

## Available Tools 🧰

The server provides the following tools for interacting with BugSplat:

### list-issues
List BugSplat issues with optional filtering. The issues tool lists all crashes in the BugSplat database and is useful for determining the most recent crashes.
- `application`: Application name to filter by
- `version`: Version to filter by
- `stackGroup`: Stack group to filter by
- `startDate`: Start date for filtering (ISO format)
- `endDate`: End date for filtering (ISO format)
- `pageSize`: Number of results per page (1-100, defaults to 10)

### get-issue
Get details of a specific BugSplat issue. The issue tool lists the details of a specific crash and is useful for determining the cause of and fixing a specific crash.
- `id`: Issue ID to retrieve

### get-key-crashes
Get all crashes for a specific Stack Key ID (crash group). This tool lists all individual crashes that belong to the same crash group, which is useful for analyzing patterns within a specific type of crash.
- `stackKeyId`: The Stack Key ID to get crashes for
- `pageSize`: Number of results per page (1-100, defaults to 10)

### get-summary
Get summary of BugSplat issues with optional filtering. The summary tool lists information about groups of crashes and is useful for determining what issues are most prevalent.
- `applications`: Array of application names to filter by
- `versions`: Array of versions to filter by
- `startDate`: Start date for filtering (ISO format)
- `endDate`: End date for filtering (ISO format)
- `pageSize`: Number of results per page (1-20, defaults to 10)

### list-attachments
Get list of attachments for a specific BugSplat issue. The attachments tool lists the attachments (log files, screenshots, etc.) for a specific crash and is useful for determining the cause of and fixing a specific crash.
- `id`: Issue ID to retrieve

### get-attachment
Get a specific attachment for a BugSplat issue. Returns the file content as a base64 blob.
- `crashId`: The ID of the crash report
- `file`: The name of the attachment file to retrieve

### create-defect
Create a new defect in a connected defect tracking system.
- `stackKeyId`: The Stack Key ID you'd like to log as a defect
- `notes`: Notes about the defect you'd like to log

### add-defect-link
Add a link between a BugSplat issue and an existing defect in a connected defect tracking system.
- `stackKeyId`: The Stack Key ID you'd like to log as a defect
- `notes`: Notes about the defect you'd like to log
- `linkDefectId`: The ID of the defect you'd like to link to

### remove-defect-link
Remove the link between a BugSplat issue and a connected defect tracking system. The defect in the defect tracking system will not be deleted, but the link will be removed.
- `stackKeyId`: The Stack Key ID you'd like to remove the defect from

Each tool will automatically use the credentials provided in your `.env` file or the environment variables configured for the MCP server. 

## Developing 👨‍💻

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Create a `.env` file with your BugSplat credentials:
```
BUGSPLAT_DATABASE=your_database
BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
BUGSPLAT_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret
```

3. Start the server:
```bash
npm run debug
```

4. Open your browser to [http://127.0.0.1:6274](http://127.0.0.1:6274) to access the MCP Inspector interface.

## Testing 🧪

The project uses Jasmine for testing. Due to ESM compatibility issues with ts-node, tests are run from built JavaScript files rather than directly from TypeScript.

### Running Tests

```bash
npm test
```

This will:
1. Build the TypeScript files into JavaScript
2. Run the Jasmine test suite

### Debugging Tests

You can debug tests using VS Code in two ways:

1. Using the Test Explorer:
   - Open the Testing sidebar in VS Code
   - Click the debug icon next to any test to start debugging
   - Note: You must rebuild (`npm run build:test`) if you make changes to test files

2. Using Launch Configurations:
   - Open the Run and Debug sidebar in VS Code
   - Select "Debug Tests" from the dropdown
   - Press F5 to start debugging
   - The configuration will automatically build before running

### Important Notes

- If you modify any test or source files, you need to rebuild before running tests again
- The build step is necessary because ts-node doesn't play well with ESM imports
- Tests have a 30-second timeout to accommodate API calls
- Environment variables from your `.env` file are automatically loaded
